hi I'm Justin Holland and this is the
7-7 carbon Pro 2014 model reviews fast
responsive stable 77 by 27 2014 model
carbon pro is the board
take your sup silicon to the next level
sure done that for me in small medium or
large waves this board is proven to be
able to maintain speed when needed
be able to lay down rail when required
it's never let me down
star boards proven quality durability
and performance is unmatched I never
hesitate when I'm pulling into any
barrel because I know
let me starboard she can take any pink
the ocean through hose Ella I always
travel with the 77 in my board bag just
for the pure fact that it's so fast it
pivots well it's an all-around performer
but whatever section can be thrown at
you this board can handle
starboard a leaders in sup design
quality and performance when choosing
your next sup remember seven seven by
twenty seven carbon pride I'm Justin
Olin this is the 7-7 for 27 Calvin pro
2014 model check it out of shops you'll
love it and remember it's all about
having fun
keep smiling keep frothing I'll see ya
there
check it out and starboard sup calm
you